
## Table of Contents
- [About](#about)
- [Current Todo List](#current-todo-list)
- [How to Develop](#how-to-develop)
- [License](#license)

## About

**Adventure Engine** is a lightweight environment for fully-fledged Dungeons and Dragons 5e book-keeping, with the following highlights:

- **Domain-Driven Quantifiers**: A rather hand-wavey title which means _every aspect of the game_ is tracked and managed in a quantitative, manageable way. Modifier dependencies, static class effects, spell effects, item effects, _all of it_ is processed automatically.
- **Self-Hostable\***: Containerization pending further development, with functionality owned by **your** local environment and _nothing else_. No accounts, no paywalls, no content restrictions, the only limit is your creativity.
- **Free and Open Source**: Available for anybody to fork/modify/upgrade, provided further development upholds GPL 3.0 copyleft principles (for more info, see [License](#license)).

## Current Todo List

- **Cross-Platform Accessibility**: Type syncronization and backend generation moving from .cmd to entirely Python-based.
- **Generative Database Migrations**: Provided migrations for the generated db to sync with basic domain tables.
- **Any Frontend At All**: Most of the development effort has been centered on schema design and backend generation, further efforts will look toward the UI side of things.  

## How to Develop

This has been developed on Windows with ongoing efforts to move to platform-agnostic Python3 setup scripts. Current pull/synchronization/generation steps are as follows:

```shell
# Ensure Git is installed
# Visit https://git-scm.com to download and install Git if not already installed

# From a Git-accessible environment, clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Nick-Velicer/AdventureEngine.git

# In Windows CMD environment, navigate to the project directory and generate project type dependencies
cd AdventureEngine
synchronizeTypes.cmd

# Generate the backend
cd AdventureEngineServer
python3 regenerateBackend.py
```
Autogenerated outputs are currently _not_ ignored by Git for cross-platform testing purposes before Python scripts are more set. Regeneration will provide the most up-to-date output, but at this stage is _technically_ not required with the current .gitignore configuration
## License

This product is distributed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. As software licenses are rather boring to read, the short of it is:

**This software is free and open source, use it however you want! BUT derivative software must also remain free and open source under GPL3.**

For more information search for GPL/copyleft/FOSS, or read the license if you're a masochist.



[Back to top](#top)